	    What Is White & Black Phantoms Executing INSPECTOR?
	   컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
		Short Description of Tools and Capabilities.
	       컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

			    I. General Information.
			   컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
    White & Black Phantoms Executing INSPECTOR is a polyfunctional de-
bugger. It uses 250Kb of disk space in 5 files, but absolutely neces-
sary for work only two files (55Kb on disk). INSPECTOR uses 64Kb of
conventional memory while working or being resident; it uses extended
memory for internal buffers whether the XMS driver presents. INSPECTOR
works with all PC-compatible computers based on any of 80x86 micropro-
cessors; supports all popular video systems; receives input from both
keyboard or mouse. Minimum software requirement is a MS-DOS 2.0
    INSPECTOR may be used for many purposes: debugging written prog-
rams; creating short programs with no necessity for compiling; viewing
disk contents; creating listings for parts of conventional memory;
performing control on hardware and software in low level. All informa-
tion INSPECTOR represents in two formats: as data bytes (hexadecimal
numbers or ASCII characters) or as assembly-language instructions.
Small size (INSPECTOR is written in a .COM format) leaves a large spa-
ce for debugging programs. INSPECTOR is designed as a window system,
works in text mode and keeps user screen in its internal buffers (this
screen may be displayed at any time).
    White & Black Phantoms Executing INSPECTOR is a powerful assistant
in inspecting the executing process and debugging prorgams. For user
comfort the majority of options may be called both from menu and from
keyboard. Some additions can be called only from keyboard.
    INSPECTOR has a number of internal options that are accessable to
change, such as active colors; INSPECTOR active page; display swapping
(smart is recommended); saved screen size (the size of video buffer
part that INSPECTOR considers to be user's and saves). All options may
be changed by a SETUP program.
    FILES in this package of the INSPECTOR:

	- INSPECT.COM --- the main program
	- SETUP.COM ----- Inspector configurator
	- INSP.CFG ------ the configuration file
	- INSP.HLP ------ help file
	- INTS.DAT ------ data file
	- INSPECT.TXT --- Inspector manual
	- README -------- basic information file
	- LICENSE ------- license agreement file
	- SRC\INSPECT\*.* --- source code for Executing Inspector
	- SRC\SETUP\*.* ----- source code for setup program.



		    II. Short Description of Services.
		   컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
    White & Black Phantoms Executing INSPECTOR provides a number of
services that are supposed to make inspecting easy and pleasant work.
This contains tools for inspecting, I/O, view/edit, hardware control
and some others. Here is a short summary:

    - General Services. Services for loading and saving programs and
cooperation with operating system: Load program to debug; Write pro-
gram to disk (up to 64Kb); Load sector into memory; Write sector from
memory; DOS Shell; TSR.

    - I/O Services. INSPECTOR supports I/O with hardware ports with
single read/write and consequent read/write (while a number of bytes
from contiguous memory area are written to a single port or filled by
the values read from the single port).

    - View/Edit Services. INSPECTOR gives tools to view/edit memory
and disk content. This includes dump, unassemble, view CPU state (re-
gisters with flags) for view, entering data in hexadecimal numbers or
as assembly-language instructions. See NEW FUNCTIONS about View/Edit
disk services. INSPECTOR supports view output to screen and to prin-
ter (listings) - see NEW FUNCTIONS.

    - Inspect Services. INSPECTOR supports Breakpoints use (up to 255
at a time) put by user directly or by specifying address (Go Until).
For trapping control while program is executed one can use breakpo-
int, Ctrl-Break press (if interrupts are enabled) or special key com-
bination press while INSPECTOR is resident in memory. For programs
loaded in MS-DOS environment INSPECTOR supports entering command-line
arguments. For debugging INSPECTOR provides Trace in (including in-
terrupts) - single instruction execution and Single Step service (the
same except that procedure, interrupt execution, REP and LOOPxx loops
are considered to be a single step.
    For a special services there is an Immediate Execution (see NEW
FUNCTIONS).

    - String Operations. INSPECTOR can perform copying and comparing
strings, search for data byte, string or assemble-language instructi-
on without a need to write special subroutines.

    - Information Services. INSPECTOR has a help that gives short in-
formation about INSPECTOR current state, error situations, INSPECTOR
itself and about White & Black Phantoms. There is also an interrupt
info service that gives current location and short information about
interrupt with the specified number.



			III. New Functions.
		       컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
    There are several principally new for debuggers functions that Whi-
te & Black Phantoms Executing INSPECTOR provides to its users.

    - Immediate Execution. Executes single assemble-language instruc-
tion without write it to memory. May be very useful for a small task
while program is loaded into memory and changing memory contents is
unpleasant (for example, to switch video mode one can use this option
rather than write special subroutine). The instuction "has no address",
so relative jumps (Jx NNNN, JMP NNNN, LOOPxx, CALL NNNN) are obayed
and should probably  hang the system when tried to be executed.

    - View Disk. Lets user view and edit disk contents on any valid
logical drive. All data may be represented in two formats: unassemble
and dump (hexadecimal numbers and ASCII characters representation).
All changes may be made by writing assemble-language instructions or
by entering hexadecimal numbers. All changes are not written to disk
unless user specify the special command. Unassemble and Dump windows
are not connected, so user may view/edit two different parts of disk
in this option.

    - View file. Lets user view and edit file contents. All said about
the View Disk service is actual to View File except that all the chan-
ges are written to disk immediately.

    - Fill Port. Fills single port by values from contiguous memory
area with consequent writes.

    - Fill From Port. Fills contiguous memory area by consequent
reads from single port.

    - Print. This option allows user to make listings from any valid
directly-accessable memory. INSPECTOR can print memory content in two
ways: as data bytes (in hexadecimal-numbers and ASCII characters re-
   presentation) or as assemble-language instructions. In both cases the
memory address is also printed in listing. This option may be very
useful for inspecting the programs that do not allow to trace them or
to use breakpoints.


			    IV. Compatibility.
			   컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
	INSPECTOR was written in 8086 assembly-language codes and works
on all compatible machines; all video systems that support one of mo-
nochrome or CGA text modes are supported by INSPECTOR. It will work on most 
V86 emulation environments. INSPECTOR requires minimum MS-DOS version 2.0, 
uses extended memory if XMS driver present and supports mouse input if 
MS-MOUSE driver presents (all this cases INSPECTOR checks automatically).
	Source code can be compiled with MASM 6.0 or higher (compatible)
version.


			    V. License.
			   컴컴컴컴컴컴
	Please, read carefully the included License file. It defines terms
and conditions for use of White & Black Phantoms Executing Inspector. Not
reading license doesn't allow use in violation of license terms.
	Shortly, this release of Inspector is free. It's "as is",
free of charge and of any liabilities. Authors Vadim Drubetsky (Black Phantom) 
and Artemy Voikhansky (White Phantom) maintain copyright (c), 1993/1994 on 
Inspector, as on whole and on all parts.


		VI. From Authors (written by Black Phantom. 1/4/99).
	      컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
	Inspector was a joint development of White & Black Phantoms. It was
initiated by unsatisfaction of authors with debuggers available at that time.
Therefore, it holds traces of personal preferences of authors. At some time
we tried to find a commercial application for it but couldn't. It was
abandoned for several years and now we decided to release it for free.
	Every program has bugs. The primary purpose of Inspector is to help
finding and fixing bugs. Of course, it contains bugs itself. And of course,
programs that were abandoned for years tend to accumulate bugs. I spent last
several days finding and fixing the most annoying. Certainly there are others
I haven't found. They can be reported to the contact address below.
	The same applies to the manual and most of this file. They were 
written about 5 years ago and may be partially outdated. If you find 
something really bad, don't hesitate to write authors.
	There are a lot of things we'd do another way today. Design of the
project had had its reasons but is probably far from the best. But the
direction is not promising nowadays; so we will fix only things that don't 
require any serious development.


				VII. Contacts.
			       컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

Authors are available at E-mail addresses:
	wb_phantoms@hotmail.com
	wbphantoms@xoommail.com
